# 9.  Configuration Management Policy

Luma standardizes and automates configuration management through Aptible service Enclave with documentation of all changes to production systems and networks. Aptible automatically configure all systems according to established and tested policies, and are used as part of our Disaster Recovery plan and process.

## 9.1 Applicable Standards

### 9.1.1 Applicable Standards from the HITRUST Common Security Framework

* 06 - Configuration Management

### 9.1.2 Applicable Standards from the HIPAA Security Rule

* 164.310(a)(2)(iii) Access Control & Validation Procedures

##  9.2 Configuration Management Policies

1. No systems are deployed into Luma environments without approval of the Luma CTO.
3. All changes allowed within the Enclave environment to production systems, network devices, and firewalls are approved by the Luma CTO before they are implemented to assure they comply with business and security requirements.
4. All changes to production systems are tested before they are implemented in production.
5. Implementation of approved changes are only performed by authorized personnel.
6. An up-to-date inventory of systems is available via Aptibe portal.
   * All systems are categorized as production and development to differentiate based on criticality.
7. All frontend functionality (web portals) is separated from backend (database and app servers) systems by being deployed on separate servers or containers.
8. All software and systems are tested using unit tests and end to end tests.
9. All committed code is reviewed using pull requests to assure software code quality and proactively detect potential security issues in development.
10. Luma utilizes continuous development strategy to assure proper functionality.
11. Luma also deploys environments locally to assure functionality before moving to production.
12. All formal change requests require unique ID and authentication.
13. Clocks are continuously synchronized to an authoritative source across all systems using NTP or a platform-specific equivalent. Modifying time data on systems is restricted.

##  9.3 Provisioning Production Systems

1. Before provisioning any systems, ops team members must communicate a request either via Asana or Slack.
2. The CTO, or an authorized delegate of the CTO, must approve the provisioning request before any new system can be provisioned.
3. Once provisioning has been approved, the ops team member must configure the new system according to the standard baseline chosen for the system's role.
4. If the system will be used to house production data (ePHI), the ops team member must use the production ready environment provided by Aptible.
5. Once the system has been provisioned, the ops team member must contact the security team to inspect the new system.

##  9.4 Changing Existing Systems

1. Before rolling out the change to production, the ops team member must discuss the change with other team members and document it.
2. Once the request has been approved by the CTO, the ops team member may roll out the change into production environments.

##  9.5 Patch Management Procedures

1. Luma does not have root access to production servers. Patches are managed by Aptible.

##  9.6 Software Development Procedures

1. All development uses feature branches based on the main branch used for the current release. Any changes required for a new feature or defect fix are committed to that feature branch.
   * These changes must be covered under 1) a unit test where possible, or 2) integration tests.
   * Integration tests are _required_ if unit tests cannot reliably exercise all facets of the change.
2. Developers are strongly encouraged to follow the [commit message conventions suggested by GitHub](https://github.com/blog/926-shiny-new-commit-styles).
   * Commit messages should be wrapped to 72 characters.
   * Commit messages should be written in the present tense. This convention matches up with commit messages generated by commands like git merge and git revert.
3. Once the feature and corresponding tests are complete, a pull request will be created using the GitHub/GitLab web interface. The pull request should indicate which feature or defect is being addressed and should provide a high-level description of the changes made.
4. Code reviews are performed as part of the pull request procedure. Once a change is ready for review, the author(s) will notify other engineers using an appropriate mechanism, typically via an `@channel` message in Slack.
   * Other engineers will review the changes, using the guidelines above.
   * Engineers should note all potential issues with the code; it is the responsibility of the author(s) to address those issues or explain why they are not applicable.
5. If the feature or defect interacts with ePHI, or controls access to data potentially containing ePHI, the code changes must be reviewed by two members before the feature is marked as complete.
   * This review must include a security analysis for potential vulnerabilities such as those listed in the [OWASP Top 10](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Top10) or the [CWE top 25](http://cwe.mitre.org/top25/).
   * This review must also verify that any actions performed by authenticated users will generate appropriate audit log entries.
   * Team members are required to undergo annual training on identifying the most common software vulnerabilities and will receive ongoing training on Luma's compliance and security requirements.
6. Once the review process finishes, each reviewer should leave a comment on the pull request saying "looks good to me" (often abbreviated as "LGTM"), at which point the original author(s) may merge their change into the release branch.

## 9.7 Software Release Procedures

1. Software releases are treated as changes to existing systems and thus follow the procedure described in [ยง9.4](#9.4-changing-existing-systems).
